1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

By using diff, I was able to pinpoint the areas that were different from the old js file of the game and the new one.
After seeing all the changes of the new file from the old, I was able to see if there were any typos that might
have caused the bug. Since "space" was misspelled as "spacr," it showed due to difference between the old and new file.
That way, it was a lot easier to spot the bug.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

By having easy access to the entire history of a file, this would help to locate
bugs when dealing with errors where there are huge amounts of code. One can simply
track each step previously (almost like checkpoints) and see where the error began.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Pros: Manually choosing when to commit provides for greater flexibility; therefore, your
history will make more sense.

Cons: A person could come across system crashes or any other file-related errors resulting in a loss of files. In that case, an automatic commit would have been more desirable.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because saving multiple files at one commit is a lot more efficient for the programmer. Having to deal with all the small discrepancies are a bit tedious.

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

I can use git log in order to see specific checkpoints in history. I can use git diff in order to see the changes in the actual code after every change.

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Version control will allow you to checkpoint back to previous states, so it’s not as worrisome when experience bugs.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Everything…